improved hobby deployment info (#2606)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-host/deploy/hobby.mdx

We provide a PostHog "hobby deployment" option for those that want to try out self-hosted PostHog without having to spend a lot on infrastructure costs.

This type of deployment is aimed at users who want to test out the platform or do some minimal tracking (e.g. for a personal blog, or to test PostHog as simply as possible with low volumes).

It should **not** be used as a production instance for tracking a product with any reasonable amount of scale.

## Pre-requisites

> * You have deployed a Linux Ubuntu Virtual Machine. 

Reviewer: @fuziontech does this only work on Ubuntu? I thought I'd tested it on Debian - maybe I'm wrong.

Reviewer: I guess they're quite similar though.

Reviewer 2: I've only tested it on Ubuntu - and for now that's the only thing that's really supported. Adding Debian would be really easy - and not terribly difficult if we had users ask for it.

Reviewer: Cool makes sense. Lets keep it as it is until we get feedback to suggest we do otherwise.

>   * In testing, a $10/month (2GB RAM) Ubuntu droplet on Digital Ocean can handle approximately 100k events/month with simple analytics queries and no surges in traffic. If you have more data than this, you should use our other deployment types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *  A $10/month (2GB RAM) droplet on Digital Ocean can handle approximately 100k events spread over a month
  * We recommend a $20/ month (4GB RAM) if you expect any surges in event volumes
  * Over 100K we'd recommend our Scale deployment methods
```
